CLI Command Reference (#202)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.16/reference/01_cli-reference.md

---
title: "Astronomer CLI Reference Guide"
navTitle: "CLI Reference Guide"
description: "A list of every command and setting in the Astronomer CLI."
---

## Overview

Using the Astronomer CLI is the most efficient way to create new Airflow Deployments and configure existing Deployments.

This document contains information about every possible command and setting available in the CLI, including sample commands and flags.

This document doesn't contain specific setup instructions for the setup that each command is used for. Additional information on a command, if it exists, will be in the a **Related Documentation** section.

Additionally, this document does not contain installation instructions for the CLI itself. For installation instructions, see [CLI Quickstart](/docs/enterprise/stable/develop/cli-quickstart).

## astro auth

Authenticates the current user to your Astronomer platform.

### Usage

> Run `$ astro auth <subcommand>` in your terminal to log in or out of your Astronomer platform. This is equivalent to using the login screen of the Astronomer UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `$ astro auth <subcommand> <base-domain>` in your terminal to log in or out of Astronomer. This is equivalent to using the login screen of the Astronomer UI. If you have access to more than one Astronomer platform, make sure to specify <base-domain> to authenticate to each.
```

Should we have diff versions of this for Enterprise v Cloud, or do you think have this doc be the exact same and just account for both?

Author: Seems like those versions could get out of sync fast, and that Cloud users will still wonder what certain Enterprise-specific commands will do (and vice versa). With that in mind, I think it's best to make a universal doc.

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `login`    | For Cloud login, run `$ astro auth login gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io` to authenticate to a cluster. For Enterprise, run `$ astro auth login BASEDOMAIN`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `login`    | To authenticate to Astronomer Cloud, run `$ astro auth login gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io`. For Enterprise, run `$ astro auth login <base-domain>`. |
```

| `logout`   | After logging in, run `$ astro auth logout` to log out of Astronomer.                                                                                                                                    |

## astro cluster

> Navigates between multiple installations of Astronomer on an Astronomer Enterprise platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most applicable to Astronomer Enterprise users, this command lists the Astronomer clusters you have access to and allows you to navigate between them.
```

### Usage

> Run `$ astro cluster <subcommand>` in your terminal to see or access available clusters on your platform. This command is primarily used for Enterprise platforms with multiple clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `$ astro cluster <subcommand>` in your terminal to see or access available Astronomer clusters.
```

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                                                                                          |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `list`     | Run `$ astro cluster list` to retrieve a list of all available clusters.                                                       |

> | `switch`   | Run `$ astro cluster switch` to retrieve a list of available clusters, then enter the ID of the cluster you want to switch to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `switch`   | Run `$ astro cluster switch` to retrieve a list of available clusters, then enter the ID of the cluster you want to switch to. Once that command is successful, authenticate to that cluster by running, `$ astro auth login <base-domain>`. |
```

## astro completion

Generates autocompletion scripts for Astronomer.

### Usage

Use `$ astro completion <subcommand>` to generate autocompletion scripts for Astronomer.

Note that MacOS users need to install [Bash Completion](https://github.com/scop/bash-completion) before creating autocompletion scripts. To install Bash Completion via Homebrew, run the following command:

```

> brew install bash-Completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ brew install bash-Completion
```

```

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `bash`     | Run `$ astro completion bash` to show the bash shell script for autocompletion in Astronomer. Use this output to modify or view your autocompletion scripts. |
| `zsh`      | Run `$ astro completion bash` to show the zsh shell script for autocompletion in Astronomer. Use this output to modify or view your autocompletion scripts.  |

## astro config

Lets you modify certain settings on your Astronomer Enterprise platform without needing to push an entirely new configuration.

### Usage

> Run `$ astro config get` to see the current values for settings in your `config.yaml` file that you can reconfigure with the command. When you want to update a value, run `$ astro config set <value name>:<value>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `$ astro config get` to list values for all settings in your `config.yaml` file. To update or override a value, run `$ astro config set <value-name>:<value>`
```

> The values that you can update via the command line are:

Reviewer: @jwitz Are these the only values users can change here? Maybe we link out to "Apply a Config" change in a "Related Documentation" section, assuming this isn't the full list (we should link either way though).

Author: Based on the document that Alan sent me, these are all of the possible values that can be updated via the command line. Agreed re: adding that related documentation.

- cloud.api.protocol
- cloud.api.port
- cloud.api.ws_protocol
- cloud.api.token
- context
- contexts
- local.houston
- local.orbit
- postgres.user
- postgres.password
- postgres.host
- postgres.port
- project.deployment
- project.name
- project.workspace
- webserver.port
- show_warnings

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                  |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `get`      | Shows your current configuration                       |
| `set`      | Updates a setting in your configuration to a new value |

## astro deploy

> Deploys local code to an Airflow Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploys code in your Airflow project directory to any Airflow Deployment on Astronomer, as long as you have appropriate Workspace and Deployment-level permissions.
```

### Usage

> Run `$ astro deploy <your-deployment-release-name> <flags>` in your terminal to push a local Airflow project to your Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. A Deployment's release name can be found in the Astronomer UI under **Settings**>**Basics**>**Release Name**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `$ astro deploy <your-deployment-release-name> <flags>` in your terminal to push a local Airflow project to your Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. To identify your Deployment's **Release Name**, navigate to **Settings** >**Basics** > **Release Name** in the Astronomer UI or run `$ astro deployment list`.
```

> Alternatively, you can run the command without specifying `<your-deployment-release-name>` to select from a list of possible Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run `$ astro deploy` without specifying `your-deployment-release-name`, the Astronomer CLI will output a list of Airflow Deployments in your Workspace to choose from.
```

### Flags

| Flag                                     | Usage                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--force`                                | Forces deploy even if there are uncommitted changes.                                                                      |
> | `--prompt`                               | Forces prompt to choose target Deployment                                                                                 |
> | `--save`                                 | Saves deployment in config for future deploys                                                                             |
> | `--workspace-id + <your-workspace-name>` | Specifies the Workspace that the Airflow Deployment belongs to. Useful if you want to deploy without switching Workspaces |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--force`                                | Forces deploy even if there are uncommitted changes.                                                                      |
| `--prompt`                             | Forces prompt to choose target Deployment.                                                                                 |
| `--save`                                 | Saves deployment in config for future deploys.                                                                             |
| `--workspace-id + <your-workspace-name>` | Specifies the Workspace that the Airflow Deployment belongs to. Useful if you want to deploy without switching Workspaces. |
```

Reviewer: @jwitz What does `Saves deployment in config for future deploys ` mean? I've never tried this command so don't have a ton of context, but this explanation doesn't sound super clear to me.

Author: This one was pulled straight from the help text.. figured it might become more clear as I went through the rest of the commands, but that's definitely not the case. Based on some old Slack messages, it looks like this command might make it so that the directory you're in is permanently associated with the Deployment you select? So in the future, you could run astro deploy without needing to select a Deployment.

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via the CLI](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deploy-cli)

## astro deployment

> Manages various aspects of your Airflow Deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manages various deployment-level actions on Astronomer.
```

### Usage

> Run `$ astro deployment <subcommand>` in your terminal to create, delete, or manage Deployments. See the following entries of this guide for more information on each subcommand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `$ astro deployment <subcommand>` in your terminal to create, delete, or manage an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. See the following entries of this guide for more information on each subcommand.
```

> Alternatively, you can run the command without specifying `<your-deployment>` to select from a list of possible Deployments.

Reviewer: I don't see `your-deployment` listed above - should that be a part of the original command?

Author: I assumed that this could work, but it actually doesn't - you do need to specify a Deployment, or else you get an error. Updating this now.

### Related documentation

- [Configure an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro deployment airflow

> Upgrades the Airflow version for a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command initializes the Airflow version upgrade process on any Airflow Deployment on Astronomer, though a change to the Astronomer Certified image in your `Dockerfile` is required to complete the process. If you do not specify `--desired-airflow-version`, this command will output a list of available versions of Airflow you can choose from and prompt you to pick one. The Astronomer CLI will only make available versions of Airflow that are higher than the version you're currently running in your `Dockerfile`.
```

Reviewer: Is there an `upgrade` somewhere in this command? I thought it was:

> $ astro deployment airflow upgrade --deployment-id=<deployment-id>

Author: Yep, thanks for catching that. Updated this wording to link out to the upgrade doc. I think it's okay to be redundant by linking both in a `Usage` section and the `Related Documentation` section.

### Flags

| Flag                        | Value Type | Usage                                        |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | `--deployment-id`           | String     | The name of the Deployment you're upgrading. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--deployment-id`           | String     | The `deployment-id` of the Airflow Deployment whose Airflow version you want to upgrade. To find this, run `$ astro deployment list`. |
```

> | `--desired-airflow-version` | String     | The Airflow version you're upgrading to.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--desired-airflow-version` | String     | The version of Apache Airflow you want to upgrade to, e.g. `1.10.14`. |
```

### Related documentation

- [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions)

## astro deployment create

> Creates a new Deployment on Astronomer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new Airflow Deployment in your current Astronomer Workspace.
```

### Usage

`$ astro deployment create <new-deployment-name> <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag                | Value Type | Usage                                                                                 |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--airflow-version` | String     | The Airflow version for the new Deployment.                                           |

> | `--cloud-role`      | String     | The role that annotates service accounts in the Deployment                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--cloud-role`      | String     | The role that annotates service accounts in the Deployment.                            |
```

> | `--executor`        | String     | The Executor type for the Deployment. Can be `local`, `celery`, or `kubernetes`.      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--executor`        | String     | The Airflow Executor for your Deployment. Can be `local`, `celery`, or `kubernetes`. If this flag isn't specified, `celery` will be assumed.     |
```

| `--release-name`    | String     | A custom `release-name`. Only applies to Deployments using the `kubernetes` Executor. |

### Related documentation

- [Configure an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro deployment delete

> Deletes a Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes an Airflow Deployment from an Astronomer Workspace. This is equivalent to the **Delete Deployment** action in the Astronomer UI.
```

### Usage

> `$ astro deployment delete <your-deployment-name>`

Reviewer: Is this the name of the deployment, or release name? (Asking because I'm not sure! But most commands ask for release name or deployment id, so maybe double check).

Author: The help text just says `astro deployment delete DEPLOYMENT`, which was the same for `upgrade`. I assume that means it needs a Deployment ID?

## astro deployment list

> Generates a list of Deployments from a single Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates a list of Deployments in your current Astronomer Workspace.
```

### Usage

`$ astro deployment list <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag    | Value Type | Usage                                                |
| ------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--all` | None       | Generates a list of Deployments from all Workspaces. |

Reviewer: Can you double check if this is across Workspaces, or just your current workspace?

Author: The flag would imply that the base command only shows Deployments in your current Workspace.

## astro deployment service-account create

Creates a Service Account for a given Deployment.

### usage

`$ astro deployment service-account create <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag                         | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                        |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--category`                 | String     | The Category for the Service Account. The default value is `default`.                                        |
| `--deployment-id` (Required) | String     | The Deployment you're creating a Service Account for.                                                        |
| `--label` (Required)         | String     | A label for the Service Account.                                                                             |
| `--role`                     | String     | The User Role for the Service Account. Can be `viewer`, `editor`, or `admin`. The default value is `viewer`. |

> | `--system-sa`                | None       | ??                                                                                                           |

Author: The roles of --system-sa and --user-id for both the `deployment service-account` and `workspace service-account` commands are unclear

Author: @andriisoldatenko Do you have experience with these flags?

| `--user-id`                  | String     | ??                                                                                                           |

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro deployment service-account delete

Deletes a Service Account for a given Deployment.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment service-account delete <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag              | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--deployment-id` | String     | The Deployment you're getting the Service Account from. Use this flag as an alternative to specifying `<your-service-account-id>`. |

Author: Good catch, this is actually mentioned in the help text but in a very odd format. Good that we're making it more clear here!

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro deployment service-account get

> Gets a Service Account for a given Deployment.

Author: Updated this wording a bit.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment service-account get <your-service-account-id>`

### Flags

| Flag              | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id` | String     | The Deployment you're getting the Service Account from. Use this flag as an alternative to specifying `<your-service-account-id>`. |

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/cloud/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

> ## astro deployment update

Author: Can `astro deployment update` be used for anything else? Seems like a very general command to have such a specific use case.

Author: @andriisoldatenko Are there any additional uses for this command? Could also use a full list of flags here.

> Updates the IAM role for a Deployment. This is used only for Deployments hosted on Amazon EKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command appends an IAM role to the Webserver, Scheduler and Worker pods within any individual Airflow Deployment on the platform. Only applicable to teams running Astronomer Enterprise on Amazon EKS.
```

Reviewer: I'm actually not 100% sure this only applies to EKS - I know it's the only thing we have documented, but this command should also work for GKE or AKS I think.

Author: Until we have a solid use case for the other clouds, I think this wording works.

## astro workspace service-account create

Creates a Service Account for a given workspace.

### Usage

`$ astro workspace service-account create <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag                        | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                        |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--category`                | String     | The Category for the Service Account. The default value is `default`.                                        |
| `--workspace-id` (Required) | String     | The Workspace you're creating a Service Account for.                                                         |
| `--label` (Required)        | String     | A label for the Service Account.                                                                             |
| `role`                      | String     | The User Role for the Service Account. Can be `viewer`, `editor`, or `admin`. The default value is `viewer`. |

> | `--system-sa`               | None       | ??                                                                                                           |

Author: See comment above on these two commands.

---

## Overview

Astronomer's [open source CLI](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-cli) is the easiest way to run Apache Airflow on your local machine. From the CLI, you can create a local Apache Airflow instance with a dedicated Webserver, Scheduler and Postgres Database. If you're an Astronomer customer, you can use the Astronomer CLI to create and manage users, Workspaces, Airflow Deployments, Service Accounts, and more.

This document contains information about all commands and settings available in the Astronomer CLI, including examples and flags. It does not contain detailed guidelines on each command, but each section provides resources for additional information in a **Related Documentation** section if it's available.

Additionally, this document does not contain installation instructions for the CLI itself. For installation instructions, see [CLI Quickstart](/docs/enterprise/stable/develop/cli-quickstart).

## astro auth

Authenticates the current user to Astronomer.

### Usage

Run `$ astro auth <subcommand> <base-domain>` in your terminal to log in or out of your Astronomer platform. This is equivalent to using the login screen of the Astronomer UI.

> If you have access to more than one Astronomer platform, you'll have access to multiple `<base-domains>`. When switching between platforms, make sure to log out of one `<base domain>` before logging into another.

Author: Not sure why I miss these suggestions! Maybe it's because I work in the "Files Changed" section of GitHub, and comments disappear there is the phrase in question has been edited for another reason.

> If you have access to more than one Astronomer platform, you'll have access to multiple `<base-domains>`. When switching between platforms, make sure to log out of one `<base domain>` before logging into another.

Reviewer: Oh word - no problem!

## astro completion

Generates autocompletion scripts for Astronomer.

### Usage

Use `$ astro completion <subcommand>` to generate autocompletion scripts for Astronomer.

Note that MacOS users need to install [Bash Completion](https://github.com/scop/bash-completion) before creating autocompletion scripts. To install Bash Completion via Homebrew, run the following command:

```sh
$ brew install bash-Completion
```

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                                                                                                                        |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `bash`     | Run `$ astro completion bash` to show the bash shell script for autocompletion in Astronomer. Use this output to modify or view your autocompletion scripts. |
| `zsh`      | Run `$ astro completion bash` to show the zsh shell script for autocompletion in Astronomer. Use this output to modify or view your autocompletion scripts.  |

## astro config

> Lets you modify certain settings on your Astronomer Enterprise platform without needing to push an entirely new configuration.

Author: I like it! Just reworded slightly.

### Usage

Run `$ astro config get` to list values for all settings in your `config.yaml` file. To update or override a value, run `$ astro config set <value-name>:<value>`

The values that you can update via the command line are:

- cloud.api.protocol
- cloud.api.port
- cloud.api.ws_protocol
- cloud.api.token
- context
- contexts
- local.houston
- local.orbit
- postgres.user
- postgres.password
- postgres.host
- postgres.port
- project.deployment
- project.name
- project.workspace
- webserver.port
- show_warnings

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                  |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `get`      | Shows your current configuration                       |
| `set`      | Updates a setting in your configuration to a new value |

### Related documentation

- [Apply a Platform Configuration Change on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config)

## astro deploy

Deploys code in your Airflow project directory to any Airflow Deployment on Astronomer.

### Usage

> Run `$ astro deploy <your-deployment-release-name> <flags>` in your terminal to push a local Airflow project to your Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. If you have the appropriate Workspace and Deployment-level permissions, the code will begin to deploy.

Reviewer: @jwitz It looks like my suggestion here didn't get pushed up (/the copy didn't change at all) - did commits get mixed up, or did you have thoughts on the suggestion in partic?

To identify your Deployment's release name, go to **Settings** >**Basics** > **Release Name** in the Astronomer UI or run `$ astro deployment list`.

If you run `$ astro deploy` without specifying `your-deployment-release-name`, the Astronomer CLI will output a list of Airflow Deployments in your Workspace to choose from.

> ### Flags

Author: In the Flag table? It's not a flag because it's not specified with a `--`. Some required values end up in flags, while others are free-floating values. Another one of the many quirks of the CLI

> ### Flags

Reviewer: Ah got it got it, you're right

| Flag                                     | Usage                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--force`                                | Forces deploy even if there are uncommitted changes.                                                                      |
| `--prompt`                               | Forces prompt to choose target Deployment.                                                                                 |
| `--save`                                 | Associates which Deployment you chose with the directory you're in so that you don't have to specify a Deployment release name in the future.                                                                          |

> | `--workspace-id + <your-workspace-name>` | Specifies the Workspace that the Airflow Deployment belongs to. Useful if you want to deploy without switching Workspaces. |

Author: This must be left over from my first draft where I didn't have a `Value Type` column. Rewrote this table to include that and make this usage more clear.

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via the CLI](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deploy-cli)

## astro deployment

Manages various Deployment-level actions on Astronomer.

### Usage

Run `$ astro deployment <subcommand>` in your terminal to create, delete, or manage an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. See the following entries of this guide for more information on each subcommand.

> When managing an existing Deployment using subcommands such as `delete` and `logs`, you additionally need to specify a Deployment in your command. In this case, you would run `$ astro deployment <subcommand> <your-deployment>`.

Reviewer: Same here!

### Related documentation

- [Configure an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro deployment airflow upgrade

Initializes the Airflow version upgrade process on any Airflow Deployment on Astronomer.

### Usage

> Run `$ astro deployment airflow upgrade --deployment-id` to initialize the Airflow upgrade process. To finalize the Airflow upgrade process, complete all of the steps as described in [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions).

Reviewer: And here :)

| `--desired-airflow-version` | String     | The Airflow version you're upgrading to (e.g. `1.10.14`).     |

### Related documentation

- [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions)

## astro deployment create

Creates a new Airflow Deployment in your current Astronomer Workspace.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment create <new-deployment-name> <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag                | Value Type | Usage                                                                                 |
| ------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--airflow-version` | String     | The Airflow version for the new Deployment.                                           |
| `--cloud-role`      | String     | The role that annotates service accounts in the Deployment                            |
| `--executor`        | String     | The Executor type for the Deployment. Can be `local`, `celery`, or `kubernetes`. If no executor is specified, then `celery` is used. |

> | `--release-name`    | String     | A custom `release-name`. Only applies to Deployments using the `kubernetes` Executor. |

Author: Not sure where I got this info from, but the release notes are definitely right.

> | `--release-name`    | String     | A custom `release-name`. Only applies to Deployments using the `kubernetes` Executor. |

Author: Should we also mention that config.yaml prereq here, or should that be in a related documentation section? Doesn't look like we have any documentation beyond the release note on it, but I can write the issue to put it in the Enterprise Configure a Deployment doc.

### Related documentation

- [Configure an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro deployment delete

Deletes an Airflow Deployment from an Astronomer Workspace. This is equivalent to the **Delete Deployment** action in the Astronomer UI.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment delete <your-deployment-id>`

## astro deployment list

Generates a list of Airflow Deployments in your current Astronomer Workspace.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment list <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag    | Value Type | Usage                                                |
| ------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--all` | None       | Generates a list of Deployments from all Workspaces. |

Author: Since we have a lot of language around "user" for the various user management commands, I think we should be consistent with the non-flag sections and refer to "the current user" as "you". Updated this usage in one other location.

| `--deployment-id` | String     | The Deployment you're getting the Service Account from. Use this flag as an alternative to specifying `<your-service-account-id>`. |

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro deployment service-account get

Shows the name, ID, and API key for each Service Account on a given Deployment.

### Usage

Run `$ astro deployment service-account get <service-account-id> --deployment-id=<your-deployment-id>` to get information on a single Service Account within a Deployment. To see a list of all Service Accounts on a Deployment, run `$ astro deployment service-account get --deployment-id=<your-deployment-id>`.

### Flags

| Flag              | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--deployment-id` | String     | The Deployment you're getting the Service Account from. Use this flag as an alternative to specifying `<your-service-account-id>`. |

Reviewer: Ok going to assume something was up with the commits! Lemme know if you want to chat about any of these.

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro deployment update

This command appends an IAM role to the Webserver, Scheduler and Worker pods within any individual Airflow Deployment on the platform. Only applicable to teams running Astronomer Enterprise on Amazon EKS.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment update <your-deployment-id> <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag           | Value Type | Usage                     |
| -------------- | ---------- | ------------------------- |

> | `--cloud-role` | String     | The ARN for the IAM role. |

Author: The help text doesn't say it is, and the example command doesn't contain it... but it also contains a bunch of undocumented flags (if they're even flags? There's no `--`: 

> astro deployment update UUID label=Production-Airflow description=example version=v1.0.0

Something tells me this command does *a lot* more than just append an IAM role.

> | `--cloud-role` | String     | The ARN for the IAM role. |

Author: Added additional commands here based on what I found in source code!

### Related Documentation

- [Integrate IAM Roles](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/integrate-iam)

## astro deployment user add

> Adds an existing user from the Workspace to a given Deployment.

Author: Reworded this slightly.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment user add <flags> <user-email-address>`

### Flags

| Flag                         | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                                            |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--deployment-id` (Required) | String     | The Deployment that the user will be added to.                                                                                                   |
| `--role` (Required)          | String     | The role assigned to the user. Can be `DEPLOYMENT_VIEWER`, `DEPLOYMENT_EDITOR`, or `DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN`. The default value is `DEPLOYMENT_VIEWER`. |

### Related documentation

- [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer Cloud](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

## astro deployment user delete

> Removes an existing user from the Workspace to a given Deployment.

Author: Reworded this slightly.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment user delete <flags> <user-email-address>`

### Flags

| Flag                         | Value Type | Usage                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id` (Required) | String     | The Deployment that the user will be removed from. |

### Related documentation

- [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer Cloud](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

## astro deployment user list

Searches for users on a given Deployment.

### Usage

> `$ astro deployment user list USERS <flags>`

Author: That's what the help text says! But also now realizing the additional example offered doesn't even include that:

> Examples: $ astro deployment user list <deployment-id> --email=EMAIL_ADDRESS --user-id=ID --name=NAME

I think, then, that this is just a help text error. The command finds users via any of the flags + Deployment ID.

| `--deployment-id` (Required) | String     | The Deployment that you're searching in.     |
| `--email`                    | String     | The email for the user you're searching for. |
| `--name`                     | String     | The name of the user to search for.          |
| `--user-id`                  | String     | The ID of the user to search for.            |

### Related documentation

- [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer Cloud](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

## astro deployment user update

Updates a user's role in a given Deployment.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment user update <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag                         | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                      |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id` (Required) | String     | The Deployment that you're searching in.                                                                                   |

> | `--role`                     | String     | The role you're updating the user to. Possible values are `DEPLOYMENT_VIEWER`, `DEPLOYMENT_EDITOR`, or `DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN`. |

Author: Updated with the default value if `--role` is not specified.

## astro dev kill

Kills a locally running Airflow cluster. This command can only be used in a project directory.

### Usage

`$ astro dev kill`

## astro dev logs

Shows the output log for a locally running Airflow cluster. This command can only be used in a project directory.

### Usage

`$ astro dev logs <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag          | Value Type | Usage                                              |
| ------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `--follow`    | None       | Continues to show the latest outputs from the log. |
| `--scheduler` | None       | Outputs only Scheduler logs.                       |
| `--webserver` | None       | Outputs only Webserver logs.                       |

## astro dev ps

Lists all locally running Airflow containers for an Airflow project. This command can only be used in a project directory.

### Usage

`$ astro dev ps`

## astro dev run

Runs a single [Airflow command](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-ref.html) on a locally running Airflow webserver.

### Usage

`$ astro dev run`

## astro dev start

> Starts an Airflow cluster locally using `docker-compose`

Author: Slightly reworded this.

> Starts an Airflow cluster locally using `docker-compose`

Author: Updated slightly

### Usage

`$ astro dev run <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag    | Value Type | Usage                                                                            |
| ------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--env` | String     | Specifies the filepath containing environment variables for the Airflow cluster. |

## astro dev stop

> Stops a locally running Airflow cluster.

Author: Slightly reworded this.

> Stops a locally running Airflow cluster.

Author: Updated slightly.

### Usage

`$ astro dev stop`

## astro dev upgrade-check

> Runs a test which checks whether a local Airflow project is ready to be upgraded to Airflow 2.0. You must be on Airflow 1.0.14 and in a project directory to run this command.

Author: Took the second to last sentence out since that seemed like supplementary information that's better to have in the related documentation.

> Runs a test which checks whether a local Airflow project is ready to be upgraded to Airflow 2.0. You must be on Airflow 1.0.14 and in a project directory to run this command.

Author: Removed second to last sentence, as that information's probably more helpful to digest within the related documentation.

### Usage

`$astro dev upgrade-check`

### Related documentation

- [Upgrade to Apache Airflow 2.0 on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/upgrade-to-airflow-2)

## astro upgrade

Checks for a newer version of the Astronomer CLI.

### Usage

`$ astro upgrade`

> > **Note:** This command only checks if a new version of the CLI is available. To actually upgrade the CLI, you have to run an additional Homebrew command:
> 
> ```sh
> $ brew install astronomer/tap/astro
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** This command only checks whether or not a new version of the Astronomer CLI is available. To actually upgrade the CLI to the latest version, run:
> 
> ```sh
> $ brew install astronomer/tap/astro
> ```
```

## astro user create

> Creates a new user on your Astronomer platform. After specifying an email address and a password, an invitation email will be sent to the address you specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new user on Astronomer that's not associated with an existing Astronomer Workspace. An invitation email will be sent to the email address you specify. Once this user creates an account on Astronomer, they'll have the right to create a new Workspace and will be a Workspace Admin within it by default.
```

Author: Updated this slightly.

Author: Updated slightly

### Usage

`$ astro user create <flags>`

### flags

| Flag         | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                                     |
| ------------ | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--email`    | String     | Specifies the email address for the new user. If not specified, you'll be prompted to enter an address during runtime.                    |
| `--password` | String     | Specifies a password for the new user to access Astronomer with. If not specified, you'll be prompted to enter a password during runtime. |

### Related documentation

> - [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer Cloud](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Manage Workspace Permissions on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)
- [Manage Users on Astronomer Enterprise](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users)
```

> ## astro version

Reviewer: Add reference to: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/develop/cli-quickstart

> Displays the current versions for both the Astronomer CLI and your Astronomer Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays the running versions of both the Astronomer CLI and the Astronomer platform to which you are authenticated. If the minor versions of the Astronomer CLI and your Astronomer platform don't match, we encourage you to upgrade.
```

Shows the name, ID, and API key for each Service Account on a given Workspace.

### Usage

Run `$ astro deployment service-account get <service-account-id> --workspace-id=<your-workspace-id>` to get information on a single Service Account within a Workspace. To see a list of all Service Accounts on a Workspace, run `$ astro deployment service-account get --workspace-id=<your-workspace-id>`.
### Flags

| Flag             | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                             |
| ---------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--workspace-id` | String     | The Workspace you're getting the Service Account from. Use this flag as an alternative to specifying `<your-service-account-id>`. |

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)
- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro workspace update

> Updates a Workspace name, as well as the users and roles assigned to a Workspace.

Author: This is the exact text from the help text, and when you attempt to run it the command says you need to "specify a workspace ID and at least one attribute to update". However, none of these attributes are documented, and none of the flags are either.

Author: @andriisoldatenko Are the flags/attributes for this command listed anywhere? They're not available in the help text.

## astro auth

Authenticates you to Astronomer.

### Usage

Run `$ astro auth <subcommand> <base-domain>` in your terminal to log in or out of your Astronomer platform. This is equivalent to using the login screen of the Astronomer UI.

If you have access to more than one Astronomer platform, you'll have access to multiple `<base-domains>`. When switching between platforms, make sure to log out of one `<base domain>` before logging into another.

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                                                                                                                 |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `login`    | To authenticate to Astronomer Cloud, run `$ astro auth login gcp0001.us-east4.astronomer.io`. For Enterprise, run `$ astro auth login <base-domain>`. |
| `logout`   | After logging in, run `$ astro auth logout` to log out of Astronomer.                                                                                 |

## astro cluster

> Allows Astronomer Enterprise users to switch between the Astronomer clusters they have access to.

Author: This one's kind of a hard call. I think documentation-wise, either platform or installations would be better here. But the command itself refers to a cluster, so would it be confusing to refer to something else throughout these instructions?

### Usage

Run `$ astro cluster <subcommand>` in your terminal to see or access available Astronomer clusters.

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `list`     | Run `$ astro cluster list` to retrieve a list of all available clusters.                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `switch`   | Run `$ astro cluster switch` to retrieve a list of available clusters, then enter the ID of the cluster you want to switch to. Once that command is successful, authenticate to that cluster by running `$ astro auth login <base-domain>`. |

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that's right.  `Cluster ID` is referring to the numbers that appear in the list.

| `zsh`      | Run `$ astro completion bash` to show the zsh shell script for autocompletion in Astronomer. Use this output to modify or view your autocompletion scripts.  |

## astro config

Modifies certain platform-level settings on Astronomer Enterprise without you needing to manually adjust settings in your `config.yaml` and apply them.

### Usage

Run `$ astro config get` to list values for all settings in your `config.yaml` file. To update or override a value, run `$ astro config set <value-name>:<value>`

The values that you can update via the command line are:

- cloud.api.protocol
- cloud.api.port
- cloud.api.ws_protocol
- cloud.api.token
- context
- contexts
- local.houston
- local.orbit
- postgres.user
- postgres.password
- postgres.host
- postgres.port
- project.deployment
- project.name
- project.workspace
- webserver.port
- show_warnings

### Subcommands

| Subcommand | Usage                                                  |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| `get`      | Shows your current configuration                       |

> | `set`      | Updates a setting in your configuration to a new value |

Author: Reworded the second one slightly. Don't thing `airflow.cfg` is the file being modified here?

### Related documentation

- [Apply a Platform Configuration Change on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/manage-astronomer/apply-platform-config)

## astro deploy

Deploys code in your Airflow project directory to any Airflow Deployment on Astronomer.

### Usage

Run `$ astro deploy <your-deployment-release-name> <flags>` in your terminal to push a local Airflow project to your Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. If you have the appropriate Workspace and Deployment-level permissions, the code will begin to deploy.

To identify your Deployment's release name, go to **Settings** > **Basics** > **Release Name** in the Astronomer UI or run `$ astro deployment list`.

If you run `$ astro deploy` without specifying `your-deployment-release-name`, the Astronomer CLI will output a list of Airflow Deployments in your Workspace to choose from.

> 

Author: As in, add a note that you'll only see Deployments you have permissions to do so? I think that's self-evident, and if we add that here I think we'd probably want to add permission info to all other commands as well.

### Flags

| Flag             | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                      |
| ---------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--force`        | None       | Forces deploy even if there are uncommitted changes.                                                                       |

> | `--prompt`       | None       | Forces prompt for choosing a target Deployment.                                                                            |

Author: Took the last phrase out, seems self-evident.

| `--save`         | None       | Saves this directory/Deployment combination for future deploys.                                                            |
| `--workspace-id` | String     | Specifies the Workspace that the Airflow Deployment belongs to. Useful if you want to deploy without switching Workspaces. |

### Related documentation

> - [Deploy to Astronomer via the CLI](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deploy-cli)

Author: See note above, I don't think this is the best place to mention permissions.

> - [Deploy to Astronomer via the CLI](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deploy-cli)

Author: Don't feel too strongly about this either way, so down to add it.

## astro deployment

Manages various Deployment-level actions on Astronomer.

### Usage

Run `$ astro deployment <subcommand>` in your terminal to create, delete, or manage an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer. See the following entries of this guide for more information on each subcommand.

> When managing an existing Deployment using subcommands such as `delete` and `logs`, you additionally need to specify a Deployment in your command. In this case, you would run `$ astro deployment <subcommand> <your-deployment>`.

Author: This is my bad, that usage *should* include the --deployment-id flag, which is required for all of these subcommands. The Deployment ID is the release name in the Astro UI, but when you run `astro deployments list` it appears under a column called "Deployment ID". Figured it was easier to frame it as the CLI-specific term.

### Related documentation

- [Configure an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

> ## astro deployment airflow upgrade

Author: This is the convention that should be followed for the rest of the guide. It's `astro auth login/logout` that's the odd one out here, because there's not enough information to warrant its own separate sections.

| `--executor`        | String     | The Executor type for the Deployment. Can be `local`, `celery`, or `kubernetes`. If no executor is specified, then `celery` is used. |
| `--release-name`    | String     | A custom release name for the Airflow Deployment. Applies only to deployments on Astronomer Enterprise.                              |

### Related documentation

- [Configure an Airflow Deployment on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro deployment delete

Deletes an Airflow Deployment from an Astronomer Workspace. This is equivalent to the **Delete Deployment** action in the Astronomer UI.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment delete <your-deployment-id>`

## astro deployment list

Generates a list of Airflow Deployments in your current Astronomer Workspace.

### Usage

`$ astro deployment list <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag    | Value Type | Usage                                                                                          |
| ------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--all` | None       | Generates a list of running Airflow Deployments across all Workspaces that you have access to. |

Author: Might need a help text fix here:
![Screen Shot 2021-04-13 at 10 06 03 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/114575517-7bdac000-9c37-11eb-9c85-3b091d3aa998.png)

> | `--all` | None       | Generates a list of running Airflow Deployments across all Workspaces that you have access to. |

Author: Oh lol, when I ran the command I got an API error that a Workspace ID was not specified. I think this is totally broken - will write the issue.

## astro deployment logs

Returns logs from your Airflow Deployment's Scheduler, Webserver, and Celery Workers.

### Usage

You can run any of the following commands depending on which logs you want to stream:

- `$ astro deployment logs scheduler <flags>`
- `$ astro deployment logs webserver <flags>`
- `$ astro deployment logs workers <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag       | Value Type                                    | Usage                                                               |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--follow` | None                                          | Subscribes to watch more logs.                                       |
| `--search` | String                                        | Searches for the specified string within the logs you're following. |

> | `--since`  | Lookback time in `h` or `m` (e.g. `5m`, `2h`) | Limits past logs to those generated in the lookback window.         |

Author: The syntax is `--search=timeout`, no quotes or additional formatting  I think this generally how CLIs format flags, so I didn't think that specifically needed to be called out.

That said, there's a lot of other problems with these commands. As you can see below, the `search` and `since` flags give an error, and it never says you need to specify a release name in the help text (though you clearly do).

![Screen Shot 2021-04-13 at 10 21 33 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/114577916-ab8ac780-9c39-11eb-8dbe-cd90aea5fd9e.png)

### Related documentation

- [Deployment Logs](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/deployment-logs)

> ## astro deployment service-account create

Author: I think we should keep this as is, as it already follows the convention of other `astro deployment` subcommands. If we should change anything, it's `astro auth`.

Creates a Deployment-level Service Account on Astronomer, which you can use to configure a CI/CD pipeline or otherwise interact with the Astronomer Houston API.

### usage

`$ astro deployment service-account create --deployment-id=<your-deployment-id> --label=<your-label> <flags>`

### Flags

| Flag                         | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                            |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `--category`                 | String     | The Category for the new Service Account. The default value is `default`.                                        |

Author: I think this is another example of a really out-of-date command. As you can see below, even doing this correctly yields a Prisma error. Should we be fixing this in the CLI first before publishing here? 

![Screen Shot 2021-04-13 at 10 26 10 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/114578633-4be0ec00-9c3a-11eb-84ec-672000b1ae35.png)

<img width="577" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-13 at 10 28 17 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/74574233/114578921-9a8e8600-9c3a-11eb-961d-dc14b4b98df5.png">

Run `$ astro deployment service-account get <service-account-id> --deployment-id=<your-deployment-id>` to get information on a single Service Account within a Deployment. To see a list of all Service Accounts on a Deployment, run `$ astro deployment service-account get --deployment-id=<your-deployment-id>`.

### Flags

| Flag              | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                              |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id` | String     | The Deployment you're getting the Service Account from. Use this flag as an alternative to specifying `<your-service-account-id>`. |

### Related documentation

- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro deployment update

This command appends an IAM role to the Webserver, Scheduler and Worker pods within any individual Airflow Deployment on the platform. Only applicable to teams running Astronomer Enterprise on Amazon EKS.

### Usage

> `$ astro deployment update <your-deployment-id> <flags>`

Author: You need Deployment ID, but it needs to be the UUID and it's not specified with a flag at all. Major help text renovations are needed here!!!

├── Dockerfile # For Astronomer's Docker image and runtime overrides
├── include # For any other files you'd like to include
├── plugins # For any custom or community Airflow plugins
├──airflow_settings.yaml #For your Airflow Connections, Variables and Pools (local only)
├──packages.txt # For OS-level packages
└── requirements.txt # For any Python packages
```

### Flags

| Flag                | Value Type | Usage                                                                             |
| ------------------- | ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--airflow-version` | String     | The version of Airflow you want to use. The default is to use the latest version. |
| `--name`            | String     | The name for the Airflow project.                                                 |

## astro dev kill

Kills a locally running Airflow cluster. Unlike `astro dev stop`, which only pauses running containers, `astro dev kill` will delete all data associated with your local Postgres Metadata Database, including Airflow Connections, logs, and task history.

> This command can only be used in a project directory; it's most often used to restart a cluster when testing new DAGs or settings in a non-production environment. After using `astro dev kill`, you can restart your environment with `astro dev start`.

Reviewer 2: It means a directory where you already ran `astro dev init`.  It's the directory where all your Airflow project files are located.

| `--env` | String     | Specifies the filepath containing environment variables for the Airflow cluster. |

## astro dev stop

Stops all 3 running Docker containers on your local Airflow environment. Running this command followed by `$ astro dev start` is required to finalize changes to an existing Airflow project directory. This command does not prune mounted volumes and will preserve data associated with your local Postgres Metadata Database.

### Usage

`$ astro dev stop`

## astro dev upgrade-check

Runs a script that checks whether all files in your local Airflow project are compatible with Airflow 2.0 by reviewing your DAG code, deployment-level configurations, and Environment Variables, as well as metadata from the Airflow Database. You must be on Airflow 1.0.14 and in a project directory to run this command.

### Usage

`$ astro dev upgrade-check`

### Related documentation

- [Upgrade to Apache Airflow 2.0 on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/upgrade-to-airflow-2)
- [Running the Airflow Upgrade Check Package](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/upgrade-check.html#upgrade-check)

## astro upgrade

> Checks for a newer version of the Astronomer CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks for the latest version of the Astronomer CLI, but does not perform the upgrade. To install a new version of the Astronomer CLI, follow the installation instructions at the top of this guide.
```

If you do not specify `--desired-airflow-version`, this command will output a list of available versions of Airflow you can choose from and prompt you to pick one. The Astronomer CLI will only make available versions of Airflow that are higher than the version you're currently running in your `Dockerfile`.

### Flags

| Flag                        | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                      |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id`           | String     | The ID of the Deployment for which you want to upgrade Airflow. To find your Deployment ID, run `astro deployment list`. |
| `--desired-airflow-version` | String     | The Airflow version you're upgrading to (e.g. `1.10.14`).                                                                  |

### Related documentation

- [Upgrade Apache Airflow on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/customize-airflow/manage-airflow-versions)

> ## astro deployment create

Author: The ordering is purely alphabetical throughout the entire document, which matches the order that these commands appear in the CLI.

### Flags

| Flag                         | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| ---------------------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--deployment-id` (Required) | String     | The Deployment that you're searching in.                                                                                                                                                           |
| `--role`                     | String     | The role you're updating the user to. Possible values are `DEPLOYMENT_VIEWER`, `DEPLOYMENT_EDITOR`, or `DEPLOYMENT_ADMIN`. If `--role` is not specified, `DEPLOYMENT_VIEWER` is the default value. |  |

### Related documentation

- [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

> ## astro dev

Author: Given this is a reference guide, I think we should keep things alphabetical.

| ------------ | ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `--email`    | String     | Specifies the email address for the new user. If not specified, you'll be prompted to enter an address during runtime.                    |
| `--password` | String     | Specifies a password for the new user to access Astronomer with. If not specified, you'll be prompted to enter a password during runtime. |

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspace Permissions on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)
- [Manage Users on Astronomer Enterprise](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/manage-platform-users)

## astro version

Displays the running versions of both the Astronomer CLI and the Astronomer platform to which you are authenticated. If the minor versions of the Astronomer CLI and your Astronomer platform don't match, we encourage you to upgrade.

### Usage

> Run `astro version` to see both your CLI version and Astronomer platform version.

Author: There's only two listed versions when you run the command, I think this might be self-evident?

> Run `astro version` to see both your CLI version and Astronomer platform version.

Reviewer: Fair enough, but does it hurt to add this if it may save a couple of people from confusion?

## astro workspace

Manages various Workspace-level actions on Astronomer.

### Usage

`astro workspace <subcommand> [flags]`

For more information on each subcommand, refer to the following sections.

## astro workspace create

Creates a new Workspace.

### Usage

`astro workspace create <new-workspace-name> [flags]`

### Flags

| Flag     | Value Type | Usage                                  |
| -------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `--desc` | String     | The description for the new Workspace. |

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro workspace delete

Deletes a Workspace.

### Usage

Run `astro workspace delete <your-workspace-id>` to delete a Workspace. Your Workspace ID can be found by running `astro workspace list`. You must have Workspace Admin permissions to a Workspace in order to delete it.

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro workspace list

> Generates a list of all Workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates a list of all Workspaces you have access to.
```

### Usage

Run `astro workspace list` to see the name and Workspace ID for each Workspace to which you have access.

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro workspace service-account create

Creates a service account for a given Workspace.

### Usage

`astro workspace service-account create --workspace-id=<your-workspace> --label=<your-label> [flags]`

### Flags

| Flag                        | Value Type | Usage                                                                                                        |
| --------------------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | `--category`                | String     | The Category for the service account. The default value is `default`.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--category`                | String     | The Category for the service account. This is optional, and the default value is `Not set`.                                        |
```

Author: Took the line out about it being optional, since that's implied as it is with the other flags.

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)
- [Deploy to Astronomer via CI/CD](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/ci-cd)

## astro workspace switch

Switches the Workspace in which you're working.

### Usage

`astro workspace switch <workspace-id>`

## astro workspace update

Updates some of the basic information for your current Workspace.

### Usage

`astro workspace update [flags]`

At least one flag must be specified.

> **Note:** Unlike other commands, do not specify flags for this command with a leading `--`.

### Flags

| Flag        | Value Type | Usage                            |
| ----------- | ---------- | -------------------------------- |
| id          | String     | The ID for the Workspace.        |
| description | String     | A description for the Workspace. |
| label       | String     | A label for the Workspace        |

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)

## astro workspace user add

> Creates a new user in your current Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates a new user in your current Workspace. If the user has already authenticated to Astronomer, they will automatically be granted access to the Workspace. If the user does not have an account on Astronomer, they will receive an invitation to the platform via email.
```

| `--role`                    | String     | The role assigned to the user. Can be `WORKSPACE_VIEWER`, `WORKSPACE_EDITOR`, or `WORKSPACE_ADMIN`. If `--role` is not specified, the default role is `WORKSPACE_VIEWER`. |

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)
- [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

## astro workspace user remove

Removes an existing user from your current Workspace.

### Usage

`astro workspace user remove <user-email-address>`

### Related documentation

- [Manage Workspaces and Deployments on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/stable/deploy/manage-workspaces)
- [Manage User Permissions on Astronomer](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/manage-astronomer/workspace-permissions)

## astro workspace user list

> Searches for users in your current Workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Outputs a list of all users with access to your current Workspace.
```

## astro dev logs

Shows logs for the Scheduler or Webserver in your local Airflow environment.

### Usage

Run `astro dev logs [flags]` to start tracking logs for your Scheduler or Webserver in your CLI terminal window.

### Flags

| Flag          | Value Type | Usage                                              |
| ------------- | ---------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| `--follow`    | None       | Continues to show the latest outputs from the log. |
| `--scheduler` | None       | Outputs only Scheduler logs.                       |
| `--webserver` | None       | Outputs only Webserver logs.                       |

## astro dev ps

Lists all running Docker containers for your local Airflow environment. This command can only be used in a project directory and works similarly to `docker ps`.

### Usage

`astro dev ps`

## astro dev run

Runs a single [Airflow CLI command](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/cli-ref.html) on your local Airflow environment. This command only applies to local development and is not supported for Airflow Deployments on Astronomer.

### Usage

`astro dev run`

### Related documentation

> - [CLI Quickstart](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/develop/cli-quickstart)

Reviewer: Eek sorry, this link might actually make more sense: https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.16/develop/customize-image#access-to-the-airflow-cli

(Though we need to test & update those guidelines to actually use `astro dev run` instead of `docker exec -it` 👀 )

### Usage

> `$ astro deployment user add--deployment-id=<user-deployment-id> --role<user-role> <user-email-address> `

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`$ astro deployment user add --deployment-id=<user-deployment-id> --role<user-role> <user-email-address> `
```
